results are what these Israeli want and
immediately gathered in Tel Aviv they
make a desperate plea to the Israeli
government to bring back their relatives
and loved ones held captive by Hamas in
Gaza I'm demanding from prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and the cabinet to
give us answers and results where are
you we have no strength
anymore relatives are worried they'll
lose their loved ones in Israel's
Relentless air strike
news of the death of one 19-year-old
Soldier Noah Marciano has come as a
shock for
many on Monday angry words were directed
at a member of parliament who called to
erase
Gaza there are babies Jews and Arabs by
the way they're there what is it
supposed to do to our mental strength to
hear you talk with such slogans to erase
to annihilate to flatten who are you
flattening as people sit in cafes in
West Jerusalem talk these days censors
on how best to bring them back Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu insist
the only way is through full military
force I think they're going in the right
direction but they need to put more
pressure on
Hamas we feel that you know they're not
doing enough but we may not know the
full story and so I believe that they
are doing the best they
can the government needs to do more to
ensure captives are released through
negotiations Hamas is offering a 5day
ceasefire in exchange of releasing some
of the captives among other conditions
Israel hasn't responded now these are
just some of the faces of the
242 captives being held in Gaza posters
like this across the whole of Israel a
reminder to bring them back home as
pressure on the Israeli government
increases every day Gerson Baskin helped
negotiate the release of Israeli soldier
Gad Shalit in 2011 after 5 years in
captivity he believes that any type of
ceasefire will be difficult to achieve
there is only one way to bring all the
hostages home alive and that's the all
for all deal all the hostages for all
the prisoners in in Israel that's very
unlikely to happen we're talking about
7,000 people
559 of them who had killed Israelis and
are serving life sentences 130 of
terrorists who were caught in Israel
after October 7
this is something that I cannot imagine
Israeli Society or this current Israeli
government agreeing to at this
point these protesters will be walking
to Jerusalem in the coming days to meet
at the prime minister's office and
demand the return of their loved ones as
soon as possible sahat AL jazer West
Jerusalem